Zero-Akuma (Zero-Gouki) Cyberbots
-----------------------

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================
Please read over this faq carefully, as I took a
lot of time to write all this stuff. It might even
answer some of your questions about my work. 

WHO IS Z-AKUMA?
---------------
Z-Akuma (Z-Gouki) is a modified robot version of the infamous
secret character, Akuma from the Street Fighter Series. Z-Akuma
is an exclusive character only playable in the home version of
Cyberbots: Full Metal Madness. (Sega Saturn, Sony Playstation)

Z-Akuma has made many cameo appearances in other Capcom games,
including Marvel Vs. Street Fighter (See Cyclops ending), and
Card Fighters Clash Series on the Neo-Geo Pocket. Cyber Akuma
(Mech. Gouki) from Marvel Vs. Street Fighter makes a remarkable
resembalnce to Z-Akuma from Cyberbots.

Z-Akuma has all the signature moves Akuma has from the Street
Fighter Series, including the infamous Raging Demon, AKA the
Shun Goku Satsu. What's cool about this Shun Goku Satsu is that
you can actually see his combos, not just the usual white screen
murder case. 

WHY DOES THE SCREEN FLASH
DURING A SUPER PAUSE?
-------------------------
Anywone who has played Cyberbots knows that this is a
standard effect used for a super pause. If you get any 
kind of seisure from flashing screens, it's reccommended
that you don't play the game. Unfortunately, Cyberbots
has a lot of flashing screens, which is one reason why
I think that Cyberbots never made it to America.

WHY DOES THE CHARACTER FLASH
FOR A SHORT WHILE WHEN YOUR
POWER REACHES MAX?
----------------------------
That is a standard shine effect in Cyberbots. After your
super meter reaches full power, your cyberbot character
starts to flash for about 10 to 12 seconds.

WHEN ATTACKING, WHY DOES HUMAN
OPPONNENTS SOUND MECHANICAL?
------------------------------
This is a standard hit/collision sound for the game.
Since Cyberbots consists of only robot fighters, it
was the standard sound they used for all hit sounds,
whenever a character attacked its opponent.

WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH
THE NEW HIT SYSTEM?
---------------------
[Referring to hitsystm.cns]
The new hit system I included is a system based on
the way Z-Akuma is attacked/falls down in Cyberbots.
I tried to make this exactly as the way he gets hit
in Cyberbots. Since standard Mugen characters have
the same universal hit states, Z-Akuma's hit states
would not have been accurate to Cyberbots standards.
So I had to apply my own hit system as close to the
game as possible.

HOW DID YOU MAKE THE
FIREBALL BEAMS?
--------------------
To be honest with you, this was extremely complciated
to code, and may still have some minor bugs. What I did
was use two helpers to trigger the distance between the
starting point of the beam and the attack point of the
beam. I used 1 pixel wide image of the center of the beam,
making sure the X axis was right at point 0. Then I used
Explod and ModifyExplod controllers to scale the size of
the center of the beam to stretch out to the distance of
the other end of the beam attacking the opponent.

WHY DO YOU GAIN POWER
DURING A SUPER MOVE?
----------------------
Apparently, that's what happens in Cyberbots. For some
reason, they seem to gain a little bit of power back
while attacking during their super moves.


You need something to be answered in the FAQ,
concerning any kind of bug/issue with Zero-Akuma?
Fell free to send comments and suggestions to N64Mario84
(N64Mario84@hotmail.com). Thanks.
